if I'm looking at getting feedback from a supervisor as trouble actually
providing feedback is either unwilling or they're just not good at
it I'll just have a blade in conversation with them you know I'll
find a time where I can sit down with them and say you know listen I
value your feedback I value your input I'm looking for that as an individual
from you and seems that we have a challenge here what can
we do to improve this relationship between you and I so that way you're
able to provide the feedback that I'm looking for because I'm wanting
that so that I can continue to do good work for you and for the
organization as a whole she just gonna have to sit down and have that
candid conversation with that person and let him know that you're
not getting what it is you're looking for and is there is it an issue
because of something maybe your doing internally or is it something
that that individuals having that we need to figure out together